# openEQUELLA

[![openEQUELLA CI](https://github.com/openequella/openEQUELLA/workflows/openEQUELLA%20CI/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://github.com/openequella/openEQUELLA/actions?query=workflow%3A%22openEQUELLA+CI%22+branch%3Adevelop)
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/)

openEQUELLA is a digital repository that provides a single platform to house your teaching and
learning, research, media, and library content.

Builds for each openEQUELLA Release can be found on the [Releases
page](https://github.com/openequella/openEQUELLA/releases "EQUELLA Releases").

(NOTE: The current stable version - starting from 2019.1 - is built from `master`, where as active
development is undertaken on the repository's default branch `develop`. Therefore `develop` is
considered the project's 'unstable' branch.)

The project's homepage and documentation can be found at <https://openequella.github.io/>.

If you would like to contribute to openEQUELLA please review the [Contributor
Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) - which also include details of how to get in touch. We welcome pull
requests and issue reports. And if you'd like to assist with documentation, please head on over to
the documentation repository at <https://github.com/openequella/openEQUELLA.github.io>.

You can find further information for developers wishing to work with the source code in [Contributor Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Optional code

There is functionality that could not be included into the core openEQUELLA code repository, but based on your business needs, may be appropriate to include.

- Oracle DB Driver
- [Kaltura](https://github.com/openequella/openEQUELLA-Kaltura)

## Notice

openEQUELLA remains a widely used digital repository platform, with institutions across the world
benefiting from the highly configurable nature of the solution.  Unlike other open source platforms
that benefit from significant community-sourced development, as it currently stands, development of
openEQUELLA is only performed by one party,
[Edalex](https://t.sidekickopen07.com/s3t/c/5/f18dQhb0S7kv8cFvhTW1H2LXV59hl3kW7_k2842PyJxsW58j2SL57j_d0W56Bf0j2bzNJHf90dz4m01?te=W3R5hFj26QkH1W3H39Wt4p6T-BW3_rh-43K76ZVn4hF7mg1Q3&si=5443211422203904&pi=3880a7a4-e88c-4c9e-fdea-c7ac27f067b2).
As such, in order to ensure efficiencies in the development process that will directly increase the
velocity of development initiatives, Edalex will transition to using internal tools to manage the
development process.  Coinciding with the release of major versions, Edalex will push the developed
code back into the open source project to ensure that institutions that rely on the open source
code, can compile and aggregate their own builds of the platform.  The project continues to welcome
community involvement and contributions, and if community-sourced development does occur, the Edalex
team will continue to manage the pull request process to ensure code commits are incorporated into
the platform.

As stated above, given how the platform is currently developed, the biggest impact of this change
will be the reduction in visible activity within this space.  Rest assured, the Edalex team remains
very committed to the ongoing enhancement of the platform.  For more information about this change
or to better understand the openEQUELLA roadmap, please contact
[info@edalex.com](mailto:info@edalex.com).
